Blog: the return of Julien (#669)
crystal-lang/crystal-website: _posts/2024-02-28-the-return-of-the-golden-man.md

---

> title: The return of the golden <s>child</s> man

Reviewer: **issue:** I didn't get that reference and it looks a bit odd. Might want to reconsider that.
IMO the PR title would make good one for the blog post: *The return of Julien*

Author: totally right. The return of *the* Julien?

summary: ysbaddaden is back!
thumbnail: +
author: beta-ziliani
release_notes: false
---

> If you been paying attention to what's happening with [multi-threading support in Crystal](/2024/02/09/84codes-manas-mt/), you'll note that a name stands out: Julien Portalier. Also known as [@ysbaddaden](https://github.com/ysbaddaden), he was part of the Crystal Core Team until 2019. Now that he's taken on such a critical task, it only makes sense to bring him back to the Core Team.

Reviewer: **issue:** Actually, Julien announced his departure to fellow Core Team members on 30 April 2020 (https://forum.crystal-lang.org/t/so-long-and-thanks-for-all-the-fish/2026 - internal link, only visible to Core Team members). If we want to stick a date to it, we should take this one.
Btw. he became a member in September 2015 so we can put a full time span to his previous tenure (https://crystal-lang.org/2015/09/04/crystal-0.7.7-released/).

```suggestion
If you been paying attention to what's happening with [multi-threading support in Crystal](/2024/02/09/84codes-manas-mt/), you'll note that a name stands out: Julien Portalier. Also known as [@ysbaddaden](https://github.com/ysbaddaden), he had been a part of the Crystal Core Team from 2015 to 2020. Now that he's taken on such a critical task, it only makes sense to bring him back to the Core Team.
```

The change to past perfect is just polish. I think it fits better with the perfect tense in the following sentance.
